docs: improve outbound requests info (#33)
invertase/react-native-google-ads: docs/index.mdx

## Configure outbound requests

> If needed, you can provide settings that will apply to all ad requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the default ad settings are not correct for your app, you can provide settings that will apply to all ad requests.
```

For example, if the application targets children then you must configure the outbound requests to only
receive content suitable for children before loading any adverts.

> To set the request configuration, call the `setRequestConfiguration` method before requesting ads:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to set a custom request configuration, you must call the `setRequestConfiguration` method before requesting ads:
```
